ay protect is called I've said but what
I have yes and jailbreak because I
they said that if I open it with the programs
can not enter viruses is true that I am
very new with my iphone a thousand thanks
forget about viruses, there are no viruses
rigid on the iphone
no more mental any sink
according to I have understood is almost
impossible for Apple products
go into virus who is virtually
impossible because of security policies
that has the system that has the
systems
in fact many people say that is the
people who know some everything explains how
the system works you have an iphone or
you have an ipad at the moment that you
you do the jailbreak and what happens is that
is replacing code in that
device
and when signing the code is also
can open doors the thing here is that
for example the group of people who
develop these tools for
perform the jailbreak or to perform
the blogs of the baseband are very groups
peak very small 510 people are the
they work on the tools and nobody
more you know about that
there is a possibility that you enter
some malicious software because the
principle of jailbreak is to make the
phone think or that the device
think you are running applications
authorized by apple for but in
reality is not authorized are
cydia applications that's the idea
perform the jailbreak then the
aid system has when you have a
protection system called good
it is a chain of actions that
they have to make the system so that
can learn are seven steps that
they have to perform the system and
then it is told that there is a step that
is step 4 but from the phone
then you learn it there is happening
One step, I remember now, how it
call
appears to me then there is wood passes
information to the second step that is other
other system check this second
step verifies that the first step is not
corrupt is not corrupted if it gives if it gives
a fire value if it gives green light
I'm fine I'm factory
then the second step calls the third
step true
the third step verifies that the second
step is not modified and so are seven
phases that have to pass one and
share can learn correctly the
principle of jailbreak is to make the
first step to modify the first
step and make him generate the second step
that has not been modified ok
there it is and that's where the boil occurs
ok then that's why that's the
principle of the jjoo text understand of
to modify the first step to
always at the kernel level that the
kernel is what makes the phone
boot ok is the basis of the system the
essence of the system is the term us
modify in the kernel and make the
first step modify but do not know
modify but do not make the
second step that has not been modified and
this is how the jailbreak works
understand if the first step is modified
and he is not made to believe in the second step
that has not been modified is there when
the phone surprises is why that's
what happens when you have a deal break
federer that's why you have to connect the
phone and perform the jailbreak of
again ok then followed someone with
the necessary knowledge of how to
how to enter the system in that way what
does but with Martynas intentions and if
can reach a serious system of
security but I repeat to you how they are
very small teams that develop
these tools is practically
impossible that it could happen and more
because as you know support because as
support for
march march the two
operating systems
characterization and with each update
the errors that
they used these hackers to be able to
do all this that I just did
explain
that is tie-break now understand it
is the essence of grass and because a lot
people talk about the jailbreak and all good
that 's the essence, it works